# omegga-chunk-analyzer

This is a plugin for Omegga that allows you to analyze chunks by their brick count and collider count.
Useful for when your maps become so dense that you run into collision issues.

## Installation

`omegga install gh:voximity/chunk-analyzer`

## Usage

Most commands require the save to be analyzed. Start by analyzing the save with `/analyzechunks`.

You can mark off any chunk's corners by standing in it and using `/markchunk`.

You can check a chunk's brick count and collider count with `/chunkcount`.

You can check the coordinates of the chunk you're in with `/chunk`.

You can mark off all chunk corners with bricks in them using `/markchunks`.

### Chunk corner markers

Markers generated by `/markchunk` and `/markchunks` are 1x1x1 microbricks. They can be white, green, or red.

* **White** indicates that the marked chunk has not been analyzed. Put some bricks in it and reanalyze the chunk (`/analyzechunks`) to get better results.
* **Green** indicates that the marked chunk has bricks in it, and it does not break the collision limit.
* **Red** indicates that the marked chunk has broken the collision limit (65,000 colliders).

### Brick colliders

A JS object representing a brick's type and its number of colliders can be found in `colliders.js`. It was generated using
[this module](https://gist.github.com/voximity/ca87569be69f09b487310fd8142e02e2) for [omegga-safeeval](https://github.com/Meshiest/omegga-safeeval).

## Credits

voximity - creator, maintainer

cake - Omegga, collider test procedure
